Hi, hi, hi, I'm God.
Your own, own God.

On 1972 an Egyptian-American biochemist, as named Rashad Khalifa, tried to discover mathematical formula in the Quran by compter.
He wanted to say that "Quran is from God and it is not a human written text".
He told:

> "In the name of God" in Arabc language has 19 letters.
> And each of the words of that in the Quran are all multiples of the number 19.
>
> "Esm" 19 times,
>
> "Allah" 2698 times,
>
> "Rahman" 57 times,
>
> and "Rahim" 114 times are repeated in Quran.
>
> All of them are multiples of 19.
>
> Additionally, 19 chapters (sura) until the end of the Quran is a chapter with 19 verses.
> On the other hand, the guards of hell are 19 people.

Hehe he.
All of them are multiples of 19.
These are divine miracles.
These are evidence for the truth of Quran.

Oh, there are some fakes in this counting.
The "Besm" word should be counted (instead of "Esm").
You can find it 7 times in the Quran, but the "Esm" word instead of "Besm" was counted.
It was a fake.
Furthermore, "Esm" is 22 times in the Quran.
And 3 of them were ignored on count; therefore Rashad found the word 19 times.
"Allah" and "Rahim" words were ignored on count for one time too.

Nevertheless, Rashad could prove that Quran is a miracle.
This is why he found many followers.
Rashad claimed that everything in the Quran was built around the number 19.

After a while he claimed that two verses from chapter 9 of Quran should be deleted, yeah.
Because his mathematical formula around the number 19 was broken 9 times by those verses.
For example, "Rahim" word in Quran is 115 times.
If those verses were deleted, "Rahim" word would be 114 times.
114 is a mulptiple of 19.

After a while, Rashad claimed to have discovered his own name is encrypted in the Quran.
Not once, but 19 times!
He was so impressed by himself that he claimed to be the messenger of Allah.
Finally Rashad Khalifa was stabbed multiple times and he was murdered.
His serious crime was his claim to be the messenger of Allah.

Oh, after him some of the muslims tried to find some new mathematical formulas in Quran.
They claimed that "Yaom" word, that means day, is 365 times in Quran.
"Layl" word, that means night, is 365 times also.
And "Shahr" word, that means month, is 12 times in Quran.
It's marvellous.

But if you research them by yourself, other numbers would be found.
"Yaom" is less that 230 times.
"Layl" is about 70 times.
And "Shahr" is 20 times in Quran.

Imagine that their claim was truth, so what?
It's not any proof.
If you have a look to other books, you can find out some mathematical formulas for them.
For example "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland".

As you can see (many words which are repeated in multiple of 3 times) there are many words that are multiples of number 3.
Is that a chance?
Or miracle?
Who is the writer of this book?
Hehe he he.
