Hi, hi, hi... I'm God.
Your own, own God.

I wanna show you a map to compare two holy places.
Look!
This is Saudi Arabia.
And here is "Mecca".
Here is a holy place in the centre of the city.
Yeah.
My home.
Ha ha ha.
According to Islamic scripture, here is my home.
And as you can see, all the buildings and streets have built surrounding my home.
My home is the most important place in the Mecca.
If anybody claimed that this is why there are many people in this city, I would agree with him.
He had reasonable grounds.
The map shows it.

Let's go to other country.
Iran.
And Tehran.
There is a shrine in this city.
Hahaa.
It is a holy place on top of a mountain.
If anybody claimed that this is why there are many people in this city, I couldn't agree with him.
Obviously, it is irrational.
The map shows it.

What I wanna say?
Many ages ago, people had a belief that the Earth's shape is a plane or disk.
And celestial bodies move around the Earth.
Earth is a place of humans in the Universe as well.
At the time, if anybody claimed that human is a purpose of Universe, I would agree with him.
The map shows it.
Hahaa...

But now, we know that Earth is not even a point in the Universe.
Here you are (a point).
Now, if anybody claimed that human is a purpose of Universe, I'm not fool enough to believe that.
Oh, Quran says:

> و سخر لکم ما فی السماوات و ما فی الارض جمیعا منه.
> ان فی ذلک الآیات لقوم یتفکرون.
>
> And he has subjected to you, all there is in the heavens and on Earth.
> Behold, there are signs indeed for those who think.

But if you really think about it, you can see these celestial bodies aren't useful for you.
But Quran says they have subjected to you.

Dr Fred is a medical doctor, who believes in Islam:

> The Universe is like a large factory which provides conditions of life on Earth.
> All the celestial bodies have been created since 15 billion years ago, just to make Earth ready for life.

he persisted.
I can't see the point of this fact.
God needed billion billion of celectial bodies to make Earth ready for life.
It means God had no better way to do that.
On the other hand, God can do anything, just as he wishes.
Oh!

If humankind was purpose of Universe, the Earth revolving around the sun would be enough for human.
Then all the other celestial bodies have been idle for ever and ever.
This is why the human cannot be purpose of creation of the Universe.
